Support loading custom behaviors from URLs and/or filepaths (#707)
webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler: docs/docs/user-guide/cli-options.md

                                            ailOnFailedSeed may result in crawl
                                            failing due to non-200 responses
                                                      [boolean] [default: false]
      --customBehaviors                     Custom behavior files to inject. Val
                                            ues can be URLs, paths to individual

>                                              behavior files, or pathsto a direct
>                                             ory of behavior files.

Author: ```suggestion
                                            behavior files, or paths to a direct
                                            ory of behavior files.
```
